Hi, guys.
Walker In the last lecture, we all agreed that they're going to be able to have access to our products,
which in all the pages.
So what they simply did was to create if I called products and a class, then we listed all our products
over and we all agreed.
Right, that we would have access to this product, which in all the pages.
And to be able to have access to all this products, what they did was to go to our they actually turned
over this material.
Have we wrapped it with the.
Multi provider and those here, you can see we are calling the FedEx provider class.
Okay.
Now, in this lecture, what they're going to do is they're going to be able to display the products
over here.
Okay.
Now, to do this, they're going to need to go to the full screen.
Right?
Is it?
And then we can use control and B, to make this wide.
First of all, you're going to get rid of this says where they have it in the products.
So right off I get rid of this.
Okay.
Now to have access to that provider, fly over here.
They're going to have a finite variable and they're going to call this variable.
So that's.
Provider.
Then is going to be Steve Carell by the.
Okay.
I'm just going to click on this automatically import it and I will get rid of this.
Then going to say start of contest.
The circle on it over here.
They're going to give you the letter that written down they were going to pass in that four deaths,
I think we called it.
So that's right.
Okay.
Great.
Now, then this thing you're going to do is going to create a verbal code.
So that list.
Because there is no specified type.
There's going to be a list.
The type is going to be the product model.
We call it products.
Right.
Okay.
So we are obsessed with us, thinking of us as to others ID tie to size imagery and so on.
And now we can.
This is equal to this for that's.
Provider, then everybody in the product.
So right across this wire.
We simply said all these products we want to be able to assess is assess in this.
They were called four ducks.
So what they're going to do is over a year.
But isn't this a.
That's for the.
Okay, great.
So now we have access to all this for the.
To others for the.
Going to go back.
Okay.
Now we can use control to make this right.
Now, what you're going to say is we're going to get rid of this product since we don't let go of it.
Now, this is going to be products.
For that list, that length.
Okay.
For this.
I will see you get rid of this.
There's going to be products.
List.
Then we can assess each item buys into it.
Then it's going to be darts.
I'd.
Right.
Okay.
As well.
Get rid of this is going to be for adults.
This.
Then you dance.
Okay.
Great.
The same tent for this as well.
So there's is going to be.
For God's.
But at least.
Right.
Okay.
So it's going to be for that list.
Okay, so it is it.
Now, if you don't see, understand is totally fine.
You can just try to message.
So if you don't understand it.
So I try to explain more individual to you.
Okay.
Now we can use this to save and check it out and nothing is going to change.
Signal of dissension.
Right.
We can use all the studies to make sure nothing is changed.
Signal over the same ten.
Stigler, we say, okay, but now we are.
We now have access to.
All our products look good.
Check it out.
Okay.
Now you can see.
We now have access to all the products.
We can even display the products anywhere we want, if only to search the cards, the upload and the
profile.
So in this lecture, what we're going to do is go to this very product in the home screen.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.